feat(categories): add `commit-scopes` and `display-order` for flexible categorization within monorepos (#33)
aaronsteers/semantic-pr-release-drafter: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Push to your fork and [submit a pull request][pr]
1. Give yourself a high five, and wait for your pull request to be reviewed and merged.

## Integration Tests

In addition to unit tests, this project has integration tests that run the action in dry-run mode against test repositories. These tests are defined in `.github/workflows/integration-tests.yml` and run automatically on pull requests.

> When adding new features, consider adding an integration test case to the matrix in that workflow file. Each test case specifies:

Author: aside - 

```suggestion
When adding new features, you should ALWAYS add an integration test case to the matrix in that workflow file. Each test case specifies:
```
